— Mr Country, died —
  Sunday, January 17, 2010 — Carl Smith, a member of the Country Music Hall of Fame, known as Mr Country, died Saturday at 82.  He was the former husband of June Carter Cash and Goldie Hill.  A honky tonker, who also knew his way around a ballad, Smith was one of country's most successful male artists during the 1950's, accumulating 30 Top 10 hits.  No further information about the cause of death was available.
  Smith was born March 16, 1927 in Maynardsville, Tenn.  As a teenager, Smith learned to play string bass and worked at radio station WROL in Knoxville, Tenn.  After graduating high school and serving in the Navy, he returned to the station and played bass for country singers Molly O'Day and Skeets Williamson and began his own singing career.  A fellow radio station colleague sent a copy of Smith to WSM in Nashville, which soon signed him to perform on the station.  In 1950, Smith inked a record deal with Columbia Records.
  In 1951, he hit number 2 on the chart with Let's Live a Little." The next year, he had three number ones with Let Old Mother Nature Have Her Way, (When You Feel Like You're in Love) Don't Just Stand There and Are You Teasing Me.  Hey Joe was number 1 in 1953.  The hits continued with Back Up Buddy, Loose Talk, You Are the One and others.  His last top 10 was Ten Thousand Drums in 1959.
  Smith continued recording, but the hits stopped coming.  He stayed with Columbia until 1975, leaving for Hickory Records.  By the late 1970's, he retired from music, although he recorded again in 1983 for Gusto Records.  During his career, Smith also ventured into Western swing.
  On the personal side, Smith married June Carter, the daughter of Maybelle Carter of Carter Family fame.  They had a daughter, Carlene Carter, the country singer.  Smith and Carter divorced in 1957.  That same year, he married singer Goldie Hill, who died in 2005.

— Let's turn back to the mic, because there's more Birthday Wishes —
Happy Birthday, Ray,
  May you have many more.
Thanks for all the newsletter letter information.  We enjoy reading it.
Hope to see you sometime this summer and see how your steel playing is doing.
Enjoy your day.
  Dale and Rosie